Coursera Peer-graded Assignment: Getting and cleaning data course
project. Course 3 - Week 4

The purpose of this project is to demonstrate your ability to collect,
work with, and clean a data set.

Review criteria - The submitted data set is tidy. - The Github repo
contains the required scripts. - GitHub contains a code book that
modifies and updates the available codebooks with the data to indicate
all the variables and summaries calculated, along with units, and any
other relevant information. - The README that explains the analysis
files is clear and understandable. - The work submitted for this project
is the work of the student who submitted it.

The purpose of this project is to demonstrate your ability to collect,
work with, and clean a data set. You will be required to submit: 1) a
tidy data set as described below, 2) a link to a Github repository with
your script for performing the analysis, and 3) a code book that
describes the variables, the data, and any transformations or work that
you performed to clean up the data called CodeBook.md. You should also
include a README.md in the repo with your scripts. This repo explains
how all of the scripts work and how they are connected.

Data is provided using accelerometers and gyroscope from Samsung Galaxy
S II smartphone.Itâ€™s a data set of 30 volunteers performing six
different activities. The data has been pre-processed and filtered. Info
can be found here:
<http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones>
The data can be downloaded here:
<https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip>

run_analysis.R 1. downloads the data 2. merges the training set and
test set 3. finds the mean and standard deviation 4. names the different
activities 5. cleans up the different variable names 6. creates a tidy
dataset called tidy.txt

See codebook.md for thorough description. See run\_analysis.R for code
